cli-tools: Add nvd (#136)
nix-community/awesome-nix: README.md

* [nix-index](https://github.com/bennofs/nix-index) - Quickly locate Nix packages with specific files.
* [nix-prefetch](https://github.com/msteen/nix-prefetch) - A universal tool for updating source checksums.
* [nix-tree](https://github.com/utdemir/nix-tree) - Interactively browse the dependency graph of Nix derivations.

> * [nvd](https://gitlab.com/khumba/nvd) - Diff package versions between two store paths; it’s especially useful for comparing NixOS generations on rebuild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [nvd](https://gitlab.com/khumba/nvd) - Diff package versions between two store paths; it's especially useful for comparing NixOS generations on rebuild.
```

Reviewer: Lemme see if this fixes it, or if it's just this "suggestion" apply thing
